[EGD2025 Day 2] Poster session 2 (#485)
usegalaxy-eu/galaxy-social: posts/egd2025/day-2-posters-2.md

---
media:
- bluesky-galaxyproject
- linkedin-galaxyproject
- mastodon-galaxyproject
- matrix-eu-announce
hashtags:
  bluesky-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - open_science
  linkedin-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - open_science
  mastodon-galaxyproject:
  - EGD2025
  - galaxyproject
  - eosc
  - fair
  - open_science
mentions:
  mastodon-galaxyproject:
  - galaxyfreiburg@xn--baw-joa.social
---

> Day 2 posters sparked sharp discussions and practical Galaxy ideas to make research more FAIR in different fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Day 2 posters sparked discussions and practical Galaxy solutions to make research more FAIR in different fields.
```
